docs/home/deployment.md, before:

# Quick Deployment

Use CloudFormation for quick deployment.

## Supported Region

Cloudformation template are verified in following regions:

- us-east-1
- us-west-2

## Prerequisites

Enable Claude 3 Sonnet or Haiku in your region - If you are new to using Anthropic models, go to the [Amazon Bedrock console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/) and choose **Model access** on the bottom left pane. Request access separately for Claude 3 Sonnet or Haiku.

## Components

Following key components will be included in this Cloudformation template:

- Cloudfront
- BRConnector on Lambda or EC2
- RDS PostgreSQL or PostgreSQL container on EC2 or without database
- ECR with pull through cache enabled

## Deploy Guide

- Download [quick-build-brconnector.yaml](https://github.com/aws-samples/sample-connector-for-bedrock/raw/main/cloudformation/quick-build-brconnector.yaml) and upload to Cloudformation console or click this button to launch directly.

[![[attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment.png|200]]](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create/template?stackName=brconnector1&templateURL=https://sample-connector-bedrock.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/quick-build-brconnector.yaml)

- VPC parameters
  - Choose to create a new VPC or a existing VPC
  - Choose one PUBLIC subnet for EC2 and two PRIVATE subnets for Lambda and RDS (subnet group need 2 AZ at least)

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-6.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-6.png)

- Compute parameters
  - Choose ComputeType for BRConnector, Lambda or EC2
  - For EC2 settings
    - Now only support Amazon Linux 2023
    - You could choose to create PostgreSQL as container in same EC2 (DatabaseMode to `EC2Integrated`), or create standalone RDS PostgreSQL as backend (DatabaseMode to `Standalone`)
  - For Lambda settings
    - <mark style="background: #ADCCFFA6;">PUBLIC Function URL</mark> will be used. Please ensure this security setting is acceptable
    - Define your private repository name prefix string
    - You could choose to create RDS PostgreSQL (DatabaseMode to `Standalone`) or without database (DatabaseMode to `NoDB`)

![[attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-7.png]]

- PostgreSQL parameters
  - DatabaseMode choose:
    - `EC2Integrated` -- Deploy PostgreSQL container in EC2
    - `Standalone` -- Deploy RDS PostgreSQL
    - `NoDB` -- Do not deploy any backend database, in this mode only ADMIN KEY could access default models
  - Set PerformanceMode to true, chat history will not be saved.
  - Default PostgreSQL password is `mysecretpassword`

![[attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-13.png]]

- Debugging parameters
  - If you choose Lambda as ComputeType, you could choose to delete EC2 after all resources deploy successfully. This EC2 is used for compiling and building BRConnector container temporarily.
  - Don't delete EC2 if you choose EC2 as ComputeType
  - If you set `true` to AutoUpdateBRConnector, one script will be add to ec2 crontab

![[attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-14.png]]

- Until deploy successfully, go to output page and copy Cloudfront URL and first user key to your bedrock client settings page.

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-11.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-11.png)

- Also you could connect to `BRConnector` EC2 instance with SSM Session Manager ([docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/session-manager-working-with-sessions-start.html#start-ec2-console))

## Update BRConnector

### AutoUpdate is true

- Check your ECR settings, if has rules in pull through cache page, you have enabled this feature to update ECR image with upstream repo automatically.
- Go to codebuild page, one project will be triggered to build regularly to update your lambda image automatically
- Images in EC2 will be updated using state manager in SSM automatically.

### AutoUpdate is false

- Check your ECR settings, if has rules in pull through cache page, you have enabled this feature to update ECR image with upstream repo automatically.
- Go to codebuild page, one project could be triggered to update your lambda image manually. Click `Start build` to update lambda image.
- Images in EC2 will NOT be updated using state manager in SSM automatically due to no association created. Reference document in SSM to execute commands in EC2 manually.

### ECR without pull through cache enabled (only for previous cfn version)

- following this script to update image manually if you do not enable ECR pull through cache

```sh
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-west-2
export ACCOUNT_ID=00000000000000
export PrivateECRRepository=your_private_repo_name

aws ecr get-login-password --region ${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION} | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com

# pull/tag/push arm64 image for lambda
docker pull --platform=linux/arm64 public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda
docker tag public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64
docker push ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64

# pull/tag/push amd64 image for lambda
docker pull --platform=linux/amd64 public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda
docker tag public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64
docker push ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64

# create/push manifest file
docker manifest create ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest --amend ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64 --amend ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64
docker manifest annotate ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64 --os linux --arch arm64
docker manifest annotate ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64 --os linux --arch amd64
docker manifest push ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest

```

- update lambda image with correct architecture


### BRConnector on EC2

- login to ec2 to update local image and restart brconnector container

```sh
aws ecr-public get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin public.ecr.aws
docker pull public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock
docker rm -f brconnector
cat /var/log/cloud-init-output.log |egrep -o 'docker run .* --name brconnector .*' |sh

```

## Migrating to new PostgreSQL database
You could choose to deploy PostgreSQL in container on ECR or in RDS directly, here list some command for your reference to migrate your data in PG.

### Migrating BRConnector data from PG container on EC2 to RDS
- list your database name
```sh
docker exec -it postgres psql -U postgres
postgres=> \l # list databases
postgres=>

```
- dump full db 
```sh
docker exec -i postgres pg_dump -U postgres -d brproxy_dbname > db.sql

```
- Find your PG endpoint in RDS
- we will run a docker on your local as postgres client temporarily, instead of install postgresql
```sh
POSTGRES_VERSION=16
docker run --name postgres-client \
    -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres-client-tmp-password \
    -d postgres:${POSTGRES_VERSION}

```
- copy full db sql to container's /tmp folder
```sh
docker cp db.sql postgres-client:/tmp/

```
- create target database in RDS and import data
```
docker exec -it postgres-client sh 
#
# psql -U postgres -h pg-endpoint.xxx.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com 
Password for user postgres:
postgres=> CREATE DATABASE brconnector_db;
postgres=> ^D
# psql -U postgres -h pg-endpoint.xxx.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com -d brconnector_db </tmp/db.sql
Password for user postgres:
# 
```
- clean temporary docker on local
```sh
docker rm -f postgres-client

```

Commit message:

add lambda url aws_iam auth type support

docs/home/deployment.md, after:

# Quick Deployment

Use CloudFormation for quick deployment.

## Supported Region

Cloudformation template are verified in following regions:

- us-east-1
- us-west-2

## Prerequisites

Enable Claude 3 Sonnet or Haiku in your region - If you are new to using Anthropic models, go to the [Amazon Bedrock console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/) and choose **Model access** on the bottom left pane. Request access separately for Claude 3 Sonnet or Haiku.

## Components

Following key components will be included in this Cloudformation template:

- Cloudfront
- BRConnector on Lambda or EC2
- RDS PostgreSQL or PostgreSQL container on EC2 or without database
- ECR with pull through cache enabled

## Deploy Patterns

Here are some recommend deployment patterns:

- Deploy BRConnector on EC2 with integrated database, put Cloudfront in front of EC2
- Deploy BRConnector on Lambda with standalone database (or no database), put Cloudfront  in front of public Lambda function URL
- Deploy BRConnector on Lambda with standalone database (or no database), put Cloudfront  in front of Lambda function URL with AWS_IAM authorization type
- 

## Deploy Guide

- (Option) If you need lambda function URL with AWS_IAM auth type, deploy lambda@edge at us-east-1 region for Cloudfront viewer request. After deploy successfully, get lambda version ARN from outputs page. 

[![[attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment.png|200]]](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/create/template?stackName=lambda-edge-use1&templateURL=https://sample-connector-bedrock.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/lambda-edge-use1.yaml)

- Deploy BRConnector in any supported region. Download [quick-build-brconnector.yaml](https://github.com/aws-samples/sample-connector-for-bedrock/raw/main/cloudformation/quick-build-brconnector.yaml) and upload to Cloudformation console or click this button to launch directly.

[![[attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment.png|200]]](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create/template?stackName=brconnector1&templateURL=https://sample-connector-bedrock.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/quick-build-brconnector.yaml)

- VPC parameters
  - Choose to create a new VPC or a existing VPC
  - Choose one PUBLIC subnet for EC2 and two PRIVATE subnets for Lambda and RDS (subnet group need 2 AZ at least)

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-6.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-6.png)

- Compute parameters
  - Choose ComputeType for BRConnector, Lambda or EC2
  - For EC2 settings
    - Now only support Amazon Linux 2023
    - You could choose to create PostgreSQL as container in same EC2 (DatabaseMode to `EC2Integrated`), or create standalone RDS PostgreSQL as backend (DatabaseMode to `Standalone`)
  - For Lambda settings
    - `EcrRepo` Define your private repository name prefix string
    - `LambdaArch` Define using arm64 or amd64 for your lambda architecture
    - <mark style="background: #ADCCFFA6;">PUBLIC Function URL</mark> will be used if `LambdaEdgeVersionArn` is NULL. Please ensure this security setting is acceptable
    - And you could choose to create RDS PostgreSQL (DatabaseMode to `Standalone`) or without database (DatabaseMode to `NoDB`)

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-8.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-8.png)

- PostgreSQL parameters
  - DatabaseMode choose:
    - `EC2Integrated` -- Deploy PostgreSQL container in EC2
    - `Standalone` -- Deploy RDS PostgreSQL
    - `NoDB` -- Do not deploy any backend database, in this mode only ADMIN KEY could access default models
  - Set PerformanceMode to true, chat history will not be saved.
  - Default PostgreSQL password is `mysecretpassword`

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-13.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-13.png)

- Debugging parameters
  - If you choose Lambda as ComputeType, you could choose to delete EC2 after all resources deploy successfully. This EC2 is used for compiling and building BRConnector container temporarily.
  - Don't delete EC2 if you choose EC2 as ComputeType
  - If you set `true` to AutoUpdateBRConnector, one script will be add to ec2 crontab

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-14.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-14.png)

- Until deploy successfully, go to output page and copy Cloudfront URL and first user key to your bedrock client settings page.

![attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-11.png](attachments/deployment/IMG-deployment-11.png)

- Also you could connect to `BRConnector` EC2 instance with SSM Session Manager ([docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/session-manager-working-with-sessions-start.html#start-ec2-console))

## Update BRConnector

### AutoUpdate is true

- Check your ECR settings, if has rules in pull through cache page, you have enabled this feature to update ECR image with upstream repo automatically.
- Go to codebuild page, one project will be triggered to build regularly to update your lambda image automatically
- Images in EC2 will be updated using state manager in SSM automatically.

### AutoUpdate is false

- Check your ECR settings, if has rules in pull through cache page, you have enabled this feature to update ECR image with upstream repo automatically.
- Go to codebuild page, one project could be triggered to update your lambda image manually. Click `Start build` to update lambda image.
- Images in EC2 will NOT be updated using state manager in SSM automatically due to no association created. Reference document in SSM to execute commands in EC2 manually.

### ECR without pull through cache enabled (only for previous cfn version)

- following this script to update image manually if you do not enable ECR pull through cache

```sh
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-west-2
export ACCOUNT_ID=00000000000000
export PrivateECRRepository=your_private_repo_name

aws ecr get-login-password --region ${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION} | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com

# pull/tag/push arm64 image for lambda
docker pull --platform=linux/arm64 public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda
docker tag public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64
docker push ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64

# pull/tag/push amd64 image for lambda
docker pull --platform=linux/amd64 public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda
docker tag public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock-lambda ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64
docker push ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64

# create/push manifest file
docker manifest create ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest --amend ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64 --amend ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64
docker manifest annotate ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:arm64 --os linux --arch arm64
docker manifest annotate ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:amd64 --os linux --arch amd64
docker manifest push ${ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_DEFAULT_REGION}.amazonaws.com/${PrivateECRRepository}:latest

```

- update lambda image with correct architecture


### BRConnector on EC2

- login to ec2 to update local image and restart brconnector container

```sh
aws ecr-public get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin public.ecr.aws
docker pull public.ecr.aws/x6u9o2u4/sample-connector-for-bedrock
docker rm -f brconnector
cat /var/log/cloud-init-output.log |egrep -o 'docker run .* --name brconnector .*' |sh

```

## Migrating to new PostgreSQL database
You could choose to deploy PostgreSQL in container on ECR or in RDS directly, here list some command for your reference to migrate your data in PG.

### Migrating BRConnector data from PG container on EC2 to RDS
- list your database name
```sh
docker exec -it postgres psql -U postgres
postgres=> \l # list databases
postgres=>

```
- dump full db 
```sh
docker exec -i postgres pg_dump -U postgres -d brproxy_dbname > db.sql

```
- Find your PG endpoint in RDS
- we will run a docker on your local as postgres client temporarily, instead of install postgresql
```sh
POSTGRES_VERSION=16
docker run --name postgres-client \
    -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres-client-tmp-password \
    -d postgres:${POSTGRES_VERSION}

```
- copy full db sql to container's /tmp folder
```sh
docker cp db.sql postgres-client:/tmp/

```
- create target database in RDS and import data
```
docker exec -it postgres-client sh 
#
# psql -U postgres -h pg-endpoint.xxx.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com 
Password for user postgres:
postgres=> CREATE DATABASE brconnector_db;
postgres=> ^D
# psql -U postgres -h pg-endpoint.xxx.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com -d brconnector_db </tmp/db.sql
Password for user postgres:
# 
```
- clean temporary docker on local
```sh
docker rm -f postgres-client

```
